#summary Release Notes
=== 0.9.5 ===
_06 April 2008_
  * Gadget now notifies the user when it is moved to another pane because of resizing itself. (Issue #14)
  * Now properly handles folders with single quote characters in their paths. (Issue #15)
  * New icon, taken from actual use (original icon was created before the gadget functioned).  Behold the awesome icon!

=== 0.9.4 ===
_12 December 2007_
  * Improved response time, particularly when the application encounters large blocks of slow-to-access files.  The new algorithm is based on time instead of fixed-size file-batching operations. (Issue #8)
  * Implemented workaround for serious bug (caused by underlying bugs in Microsoft API) that caused files >= 2GB to have incorrect (sometimes negative) file sizes! (Issue #7)
  * Debugging pane now always sits below everything else and is tucked out-of-the-way (if debug mode is enabled).
  * Added note to details page that gadget does not include hidden and/or system files.  (Issue #9, still outstanding)
  * Corrected buildfile problem where the buildfile couldn't create a release unless the gadget had already been deployed at least once. (Issue #6)
  * Corrected serious problem where folders whose names ended in ".zip" (or any other common archive extension) could cause the gadget to hang in the "processing" state forever.  (Issue #10)
  * Gadget is now much more graceful in the face of errors and will attempt to display the cause and any useful information in a new flyout. (Issue #11)
  * Thanks to Greg S. for his help in testing this release with large files and folders, and archive-name folders.

=== 0.9.3 ===
_18 November 2007_
  * Second public release
  * Gadget starts up in a much more compact mode
  * Can now discard results, which will return to compact mode, using the Dismiss button on the results screen
  * Creation of details page is now done on-the-fly instead of all-or-nothing.  This means that the application is much, much, much more responsive when browsing through folders that contain many child folders.  A progress indicator is displayed while this is happening.
  * Greatly improved the logic for displaying the pie chart and color swatches.  The gadget no longer draws pie slices that would be too small to be useful.
  * Entries not appearing on the pie chart will also not receive a color swatch, and will all be lumped together in the details list after a descriptive line noting that the remaining items are very small
  * Fixed weird page-overflow bug in main window that would allow users to drag items along the bottom edge of the window, causing the window to scroll (yay for overflow: hidden)
  * Cleaned up debug code a bit and made it rock solid; any accidentally-enabled debugging code will no longer attempt to print to a non-existent DIV element
  * No remaining calls to debug are unqualified (that is, they all check for the debug flag before bothering to call the printing method)
  * Minor miscellaneous performance enhancements (insignificant speedup, but the code is a tiny bit cleaner as a result)

=== 0.9.1 ===
_18 June 2007_
  * First public release



=== 0.9.0 ===
_14 June 2007_
  * Non-public release
  * Unstable